hey there YouTube this is aqua student I
wanted to show you what I've got going
on here I've got two containers one of
java moss you're on the left and one of
peacock moss okay on the right and I'm
growing them here in these containers I
cleaned them out of the job out of the
10 and peacock I to the five and I'm
losing this natural sunlight trying to
get something to grow just two extra to
be able to sell so I'll be able to
package these up and sell them I'm not
sure how much i'll probably wait till i
get more anyway get a cup of golf ball
size and be able to ship from our
priority mail so that's something to
look forward to in the future also I
mean this is quick look at the 10 gun
I've got this moss growing on a bunch of
these little rocks and looking looking
forward to that growth the anubius is
growing well so I might be able to
distribute that because I got quite a
few pieces of those and this piece right
here but the Scarlet baddies is checking
out is a piece of plastic canvas stuff
that I used my moss ball four and I've
strapped a whole bunch of this super
high quality java moss to i got it from
dr. Tim and so that's grown really well
and I might be able to send that out to
some of y'all but that's something look
forward to in the near future let me
know if you'd be interested in it I
probably ship out part email which small
box is probably like six bucks i think
shipped and find two extra extra money
for the actual moss and so that's what's
going on something look forward to let
me know if you're interested i've also
got quite a few crips propagating like
this crypt jungle is going crazy so if
you're interested in those let me know
thanks and I'll see y'all later hit me
up